docs(datetime): Fix grammar, improve readability (#19316)
ionic-team/ionic: core/src/components/datetime/readme.md

for its value. The value is simply a string, rather than using JavaScript's
`Date` object. Additionally, when using the ISO datetime format, it makes it

> easier to serialize and pass within JSON objects, and sending databases a

Reviewer: I know this wasn't a change made by you, but should it be

```suggestion
easier to serialize and pass within JSON objects, and send databases a
```

instead?

Author: Yeah, that sounds better. Maybe the whole sentence needs a rewrite... What do you think of: 

> Additionally, the ISO datetime format is easier to serialize and pass within JSON objects. As it is a standardized format, it can also easily be sent to and parsed by databases.

Reviewer: maybe even simpler?
```suggestion
Using the ISO datetime format makes it easy to serialize and parse within JSON objects and databases.
```

Author: Looks good to me, see https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/pull/19316/commits/6393b996c708a6cc3c7ef0c8b5140bda5c92e720
